# Card Sorting exercise as outlined in class. Capture clear visual documentation of the exercise and post to your Process site (under the Future/Final tab), along with a written reflection articulating the 4 outcomes that you generated.

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a. Create (3-4) theme cards that are of interest to you, with reference to the Future project. Themes should be broad in scope. _This is the overarching thing that you will be looking at/studying in your world. Pick things that YOU are interested in_. Each of these 3 themes are to be separate, distinct, and separate individual themes. There are some initial ones listed in Module 8. You. do. not. have. to. choose. from. these. Yet, these can be a reference to get you thinking. Create your own and write each one on it's own card.

   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For instance, Flying cars is not a theme. That would be an ingredient in your world. That can be in your world, but it doesn't work as a theme. Instead a theme is much more broad, such as disability, genetics, memory, bioengineering, etc.

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;b. Choose a second color of card (or pen, or graphic) and create a set (5) of descriptor cards _for each theme_. That means 5 cards for each theme. *These descriptor cards should be adjective or traits or aspects with regards to each theme.* You should have at least 15 descriptor cards total by the end of this exercise.

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;c. Choose a different color of card (or pen, or graphic) and create at least 3 enabler cards for _each theme_. *These enabler cards describe what would need to occur to have your theme be put into motion/made a reality.* For example, if you had a theme of "nanorobots curing cancer", some enabler cards might be: Government backed research labs, bot cleanse centers (think: Dialysis Centers), universal health care vouchers, needle exchange programs, STEAM education begins in primary school.

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;d. Now is the fun part. Take a look at all of your cards. Lay all the themes and their cards out on the table and start to pull descriptor and enabler cards that interest you (choosing from all the themes). Start to make associations between the cards to form ideas. If you don’t see what you want on an existing card, add more descriptor and enabler cards in a miscellaneous group that is not attached to an existing theme.

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Take the cards and play with them so they come together to form ideas for a project. Once you have an idea, write it on a new idea card. Do this multiple times and take photos of your idea cards. Try to play with the idea of contrast, and pairing complementary or opposite things together. Think also about what interests you in the existing themes, and why those themes are interesting. Look closely at the relationships between the elements of your newly created ideas.

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Once you come up with a project idea, try to deconstruct it and organize different groups of descriptor and enabler cards that would be relevant to the same idea. 

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<strong>YOU SHOULD END UP WITH AT LEAST 3-5 IDEAS</strong>

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;e. Figure out which of these ideas speak most strongly to you. Make a ranked list of the idea cards. Ask yourself why you choose those cards, and why the idea is interesting to you. Take photos and notes and post to your process website.

  Create a written statement regarding what your Future project is going to be about. Where are you at the end of your card sorting? What sort of specific ideas arose from the interplay and ideation of your themes, descriptors and enabler cards?